Techno ParkHigh-precision X-ray fluorescence spectrometer EDX 3600H MINING ANALYZERA device for the analysis of this solid samples without transferring the substance into solution. Software options: a program for the full range from Na (sodium) to U (uranium); a means of adding a RoHS standard application; additional program for mineral analysis; a means of adding a coverage measurement application; a means of virtual and manual calibration for all compatible applications.Laboratory building, room 115Trinocular microscope AMSCOPE T690C-PL10M (HOLLAND)Microscope with transmitted light for opaque and transparent materials.Laboratory building, room 216Trinocular metallurgical microscope EUROMEX ME 2660 AND ME 2665 with digital camera (1/2.5 CMOC SENSORIT EUROMEX DC 5000C)Microscope with transmitted light for opaque and transparent materials.Laboratory building, room 216Digital PH - meter AUXILAB DIGITAL - METER MODEL 907A device for the determination of manganese by the potentiometric method.Laboratory building, room 106Spectrophotometer AUXILAB ZUZI SPEQTOMETER 4201/50The Zuzi model 4201/50 spectrophotometer is a universal instrument capable of performing precise qualitative and quantitative analysis in the ultraviolet spectrum.Laboratory building, room 216Atomic absorption spectrophotometer ANALYST 200-1004 TAM / AAS-200 - PERKIN ELMERThe instrument is used for elemental analysis of any technical or natural object, especially where it is necessary to determine the small content of the element (lower limit of detection - 10-5 - 10-6 mg/l). The instrument can determine up to 70 elements (if equipped with appropriate lamps) in substances of various origins: ores, metals, alloys, soil, fertilizers, plants and other agrochemical materials. The instrument can also be used in clinical and biological analyzes (blood, plasma). The instrument is used primarily for the determination of micro impurities, but it can also be used in various objects with high concentrations of elements. The device is equipped with a computer control system, acetylene is used for atomization.Laboratory building, room 115Atomic absorption spectrophotometer С-115The device is used for the even distribution (homogenization) of solid, liquid and gaseous substances in solutions.Laboratory building, room 115Ultrasonic vibration disperser DOWELLULTRASONIC DW S20-2000The device is used for uniform distribution (homogenization) of solid, liquid and gaseous substances in solutions.Laboratory building, room 216STA 2500 REGULUS. SIMULTANEOUS THERMAL ANALYSISThermal analyzer with high resolution monitor.Laboratory building, room 116Corrosion measuring cell with reference electrodesThe cell is used to study metal corrosion and other electrochemical processes.Laboratory building, room 207Potentiostat - electrochemical analyzer CH INSTRUMENTS CHI 660F , CHI 1140Potentiostat - cyclic and linear voltammetric measurements, open circuit potential measurement, chronopotentiometry, chronoamperometry.Laboratory building, room 207 / room 307DERIVATOGRAPH-Q 1500D C15The instrument is used for thermal (DTA) and thermogravimetric (DTG) analysis. It simultaneously measures temperature (T), mass change (TG), mass change rate (DTG) and heat content change (DTA). According to the derivatogram obtained on the instrument, it is possible to study the processes occurring in mixtures of substances when heating the sample in the temperature range of 20 - 1000÷1500C, to determine the thermal effect of these processes. The instrument also allows for the determination of hygroscopic and crystallization water in the sample.Laboratory building, room 116Microwave digestion system MICROWAVE DIGESTION SYSTEM MDS-6GUsed to dissolve solid samples for atomic absorption spectral analysis. Microwave processing device MDS-6G is used to prepare solutions of several substances simultaneously. The device reduces the time for preparing solutions, facilitates the dissolution of poorly soluble substances and saves solvent costs.Laboratory building, room 106Infrared spectrophotometer TENSOR II - BRUKER FT-IR SPECTROMETER TENZOR IIThe instrument is used to study the structure of a substance, to detect functional groups in it, to determine the identity of known and unknown substances, as well as to detect impurities in a pure substance. To determine intermolecular and intramolecular interactions, to detect hydrogen bonds, etc.Laboratory building, room 106X-ray diffractometer DRON-3MThe instrument is used for the study of crystalline substances (solid powders), for the identification of individual substances contained in them and for determining the crystallographic characteristics of substances. Even in cases where an analogue of the obtained X-ray pattern is not found in the standard X-ray pattern directories, the X-ray patterns of a new substance, if they are serial, can be used as a so-called "passport" of this substance for their further identification. The X-ray patterns obtained on the instrument also allow for the assessment of the degree of dispersion of crystalline substances.Laboratory building, room 113The Micromeritics Gemini VII 2390T The Micromeritics Gemini VII 2390T  is a highly advanced surface area analyzer known for its speed, accuracy, and reliability. The Gemini VII 2390T model allows the determination of physicochemical properties of solid materials, including BET and Langmuir surface areas, micropore areas and volumes, as well as complete measurements of adsorption-desorption isotherms and pore size distributions using the nitrogen capillary condensation method.